youtube decided I'm no longer allowed to
use the music and my interest so now
until I found another one get stuck with
my voice what is it guys this is Lynn
Thea coming at you with a discussion
video on Maxie vs. Effect Veiler now
these two cards were kind of staples
last former in the main deck they always
have been kind of staples falling in and
out of favor between duelists it always
makes me wonder kind of like how
important these cards are in the matter
like it at times I think people are just
pile it in because the cards used to be
good this is kind of stemming from this
question that I was asked a while back
is Maxie and Valin need it anymore in
this former now my own personal opinion
on absolutely want you guys to let your
let me know in the comments down below
let me know what you think my personal
opinion is that Maxie is no longer
really a main debt card it's definitely
a side debt card definitely I think
Effect Veiler takes priority over Maxie
and here's why I'm looking at the most
recent ycs just gone that was a YCS
Atlanta in the top in the top 32 there
was 11 fire fists 6 gear gear for
prophecy 2 mmmm three her attic to bujin
infinity dark world light or nibble so
the highest one there is fire first you
know pfeiffer see you so apparently
Tijuana apparently teaser normally
messing but it's because his rank rank
for toolbox is just crazy good now fire
fists which is the better card against
them Maxie they have wolf bird they do
exceed into level fours that they can
stop though they can happily sit there
with our back row with their tankies 10
Susan just kind of sit there some extra
normal summon and you know just start
going off they don't have to special
summon obviously the big they do do
their big pushes with special summon but
they can survive without return yeah if
they get Maxie does they someone if
someone walked by they get Maxie they're
gonna be low okay it doesn't really stop
the debt that's why Effect Veiler it's
so much better than Maxie against fire
fists now Pfeiffer's have a really big
sharing currently they are wanted like
the most popular decks in the formats
currently and if you think what the fet
veiler stops you know it stops both
burger stops
it stops a lot of stuff it's just a
better card in my opinion against that
matchup now if you go the the second
highest one gigya both maxi and effect
veiler are amazing against that deck you
know you can kind of stopped the gear
searches you can stop armor you can stop
piggy and X you know you can just kind
of stopped them in their trap you see
whereas with Maxie it is good but they
don't have to make their plays they can
just give you a card say for example
they flip a bomber search for something
you know and then special summon that
accelerator then you can be like okay
well Maxie they're probably gonna let
you draw they're probably gonna go into
Giggy an ex or something because leave
not accelerator there isn't really
decent and it's kind of just a waste so
you might as well think well I might as
well just give them a card and I'll just
sit on and exceed for now so in that
sense it's good because it stops them
but you know it's just I don't think
it's as good I said it was very good but
I don't think it like the pedigree of
maxi is good anymore but it's definitely
one card to put Maxie in against his
gear the other one prophecy fat veiler
wins their effect veiler is much better
than Maxine my opinion there because you
know yeah you can drop it on the
priestess you can drop it on anything
else but it's not even worth it mobiles
yet Maxie great against them Effect
Veiler not so much so that's why I felt
very Liz like you can kind of probably
side the art brettix Maxie all the way
probably so much you can affect fela
them if you really want you can keep the
effect veiler for the Atem plays or the
other XYZ plays but it's not really
going to stop them as much as Maxie does
so you know kind of two decks there that
really suffer from Maxine bujin you can
go for the effect veiler there if you
really want but it's not really gonna
hurt your motto and you know Penn the
other ones infernity Maxie dark world it
doesn't really give a you can drop
the maxi if you want like swarm both and
evil swore doesn't really do much effect
veiler if needs be but I know that's
kind of a bit of a long-winded thing
just going through those random decks
but they have topped and they are very
popular the main popular ones Oh Giggy
Giggy karikari mermail prophecy a fire
fist and a lot of smattering
of heretics I just think that if that if
I could choose one of them if I could
only choose either a maxi or availa tab
in the main deck I'd choose a fair
vanilla I felt very just covers more of
the decks better whereas Maxie doesn't
really affect many you might be able to
stop them for a turn but they can
happily it doesn't it's no detriment to
them if you stop them for a turn because
they can still have cards out with
effect veiler you load them into a false
sense of security they go for those XYZ
plays then you drop the veil ER and they
might not expect it you know they summon
that wolf burg you availa it they've got
no chance out of it whereas with Maxie
that might still okay I might still push
you a little bit so it does go down to
play a preference quite a lot the cards
are decent still but i do question
whether Maxie is good enough to be in
the main deck anymore I mean when
heretics were big at the start the
format it was good last form up with
dragons it was a staple it was complete
staple and so was a fat valen because
Maxie dealt with the special summons
Effect Veiler dealt with those XYZ
someone's but now it's dragons on really
a thing and if you think dragons are
still a thing than not like the complete
shell of what they were and they're not
really a viable deck look at look at the
tops you know it speaks for itself
they're nowhere to be seen so affect
Miller versus Maxie personally I prefer
a fat Veila because it just as i said
earlier covers a lot more of the decks
and decks it isn't necessarily
considered good against it can still
hurt them so let me know down in the
comments section below what you think
definitely want to know if you prefer
max your Veila any arguments for or
against is always good to hear like
comment subscribe and I shall see you
later